DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/go-agent/installation/update-go-agent.mdx

  - Agents
  - Go agent
  - Installation

> metaDescription: 'How to update APM''s Go agent so you can take advantage of the latest features, enhancements, and important security patches.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: How to update APM''s Go agent so you can take advantage of the latest features, enhancements, and important security patches.
```
